hello to all tom's hardware friends here
at the mobile world congress we found
a very interesting idea from sweden
it's called power trek is a charger
and a portable energy battery
clean because it goes to hydrogen in practice
it is used in the most extreme environments taken
in the mountains and half desert places
to the sea when you want to have a supply of
energy can use this one device
particular cartridge with sodium salts
and very simple water there is an in
function
then who powertrekk in operation in
right now use this type of
cartridge that is salt and is one
disposable cartridge in the tray a
right a little water is inserted this
cartridge is placed in the other tray
and is able to generate 1200 milian
for the device it has a battery
however capacity and capacity of 1500
which can also be charged as normal
portable battery the output is at a
hotel in attention to load a
iphone but does not charge us in an ipad for
example a tablet with the existence of
higher energy
when you use the cartridge you can perform a
whole code for charging
directly to the exit
or recharge the portable battery
is a very interesting idea and sold to
a price that might seem
the exorbitant because they are practically
150 euros but could solve problems
otherwise unsolvable because
I imagined there is an extreme situation
where electricity is completely
inaccessible bring some of these
recharges and manages to move forward 12
phone calls or for more playful uses
you can decide whether in a choice between life
and death make the last phone call all
last shot with the gopro is always one
choice but
question of choice then dear friends
given it was completely
see you next time